WHO WE ARE?

MTP Talent Group is a culture connecting talent boutique. Our expertise includes delivering
positive provoking produced content, curated inspired events, fostering business development,
and creating brand exclusive moments. MTP aims to set distinguishment with their clients
amongst other like-level talent. Through our events we inspire our client’s voice to scream and
their brands to stand tall. We bring forth a rewarding and vigorous commercial journey for each
of our talents, while with the utmost transparency MTP will provide a full-service management
relationship. We work closely with our clients to level up their presence and brands, through
out of the box thinking and unique experiences which excel consumer visibility and drive
encouraging data.

Our mission is always the same: To provide timely, efficient project delivery with full lifecycle
support backed by transparency, fueled by knowledge, topped with experience, and over-
loaded with creativity.
Vision: Build valued, trusting, and secure relationships with brand clients, talent, employees,
and partners through ethical and innovative leadership.
NIL (Name, Image, Likeness) is an important division of our growth. This is where our foot hits
the accelerator for our College and High School Athletes.
VALUES
COMPETENCE
MTP attracts a diverse group of employees, who expertise, knowledge, and experience allow us
to be forward thinkers while delivering superior solutions.
FAIRNESS
MTP promotes mutual respect and fairness throughout its business practices and when dealing
with clients. We trust that every interaction is treated ethically to ensure our future is always
bright.
COLLABORATION
MTP believes to leverage expertise and reach a common goal, we have to develop a strong
collective relationship with partners all over the world.

MTP Services
TALENT MANAGEMENT
EVENT ACTIVATION
Champion Among US
HealthiHER
MANifestival
BRAND CONNECTION
DIGITAL MEDIA CAMPAIGN
YOUNGSTAR PROGRAM
2026 Global Unity Cup
PERFORMANCE DEVELOPMENT

TALENT MANAGEMENT
We carefully hand pick our roster of athletes, creators, and move-makers, engaging their
personal brands’ growth while ensuring opportunities align best. Our team on request,
prepares talent to confidently map the industry due to MTP’s versed partnerships, supported
performance growth, and negotiation of contracts. We vigorously search for brands that
activate with our clients to ensure optimization of their plan. Our talents are able to stay
focused on continuing to be at the top of their game, while we provide a clear as crystal day to
day support system. It’s also very vital to us that wherever possible we have a great relationship
with our talent’s family.
BRAND CONNECTION
We spark the heartbeat through disruptive, culture connective experiences that spark and
relays an unforgettable imprint. Your audience won’t just click then scroll, they’ll engage and
act. Our consumer-first positioning is vibrant, captivating, and immersive. We do it all…. Give us
an idea…. We will work creatively to align your activation’s vision resulting in an impactful and
meaningful brand voice.

LIVE EVENTS WITH ATHLETES, INFLUENCERS, AND OR TALENT
Have a thought, let MTP craft the rest. From pre-planning to the day of your event, we can
transition at any stage and provide top tier, professional execution. We focus closely on the
target audience, the vision of the event, and how the vibe will impact the attendees in a
positive and memorable way. Our team is versatile and ready for what our client’s throw at us.
Live event post generates a greater engagement when it done by an athlete, influencer, or
talent. Contact MTP and let the creatives begin.
DIGITAL MEDIA CAMPAIGN
Do you want the audience to stop scrolling at your visuals, click, listen, and engage? Our team
has years of experience developing content ready, message invoking material, that is tailored to
your vision. Through data tracking we are able to deliver enhanced performance capabilities,
and adjust when we see fit. Your campaign rollout will have the most unparallelled creative
content, with the best production value. Choose MTP and let’s get rolling.
PERFORMANCE DEVELOPMENT
In our athlete’s busy world, achievements are hard to obtain without a team. MTP’s
performance success strategy is primarily designed for our athletes. We place a capsule around
our athletes of sports nutritionists, S &amp; C trainers, mindset coach, athletic therapists, and
massage therapists to further enhance an athlete’s optimal performance.
YOUNGSTAR PROGRAM
This program focuses on identifying, supporting, and providing bullseye development for young
athletes. We create a fun, engaging environment that allows these athletes to be surrounded
with positive growth. Selection process happens once a year, we prepare our youngSTARs to
join us on showcase tours, whether it is to the USA or Europe.

Who MTP deals with
Pro Athletes|Olympians|High-School Athletes|Influencers|Entertainment
Professionals|College Athletes

SQUAD
DEAN AKINMUSIRE
Owner and Founder
Dean Akinmusire, has 20 years of service working in the retail industry where he learned how to
deliver focused conversation to build strong and lasting relationship with consumers. Let’s just
say Dean has a knack for keeping the needs of people his main concern. Prior to that, Dean
worked over 7 years in the marketing and advertising field, working closely with Fortune 500
accounts to innovatively build their brands and deliver their message. Dean easily navigated
complex request, with seamless effort to bring forth a visually appealing promotion. Dean was
an active participant with the launch of Honda Canada’s “Civic Nation” campaign, delivering
unparallel results to Honda’s long history in Canada. He worked closely with Mercedes Benz, to
formulate a marketing campaign that activated consumer interest. Dean has guided projects
that included Olympians, NBA celebrity trainers, Pro tennis players, and more.
After leaving his career of 20 years in 2025, Dean has embarked on a passion to guide clients
through a journey that can be confusing at times. His has a determined willingness to provide
clients with unwavering success, that uplift their platform and mirror their values. With the
activation of Maximize the Potential (MTP) Talent Group, he is at the helm of making it all
happen.
Dean is a dedicated father of six children, so he understands the hustle of the sports world.
Four of his six children played competitive sports, one had a small stint with TFC Academy (MLS
youth Academy team). If anyone can tend to a talent’s needs, deliver data caption value with
patience and determination, it’s Dean Akinmusire and MTP Talent Group.

COMPANY Potential Positions
Global Director of Marketing, Branding and Events
 Content creator, marketing analyst, and audience engagement
Chief Officer of Strategy Alliance
Financial Guidance Advisor
Chief of Technology and Information

SPORTS WING
Division Lead of Athlete Support and Performance
 Monitors athlete’s performance to ensure they stay at peak performance mentally and
physically
 Injury prevention and recovery
 Off-season care
Head of Legal and Professional Services - Basketball
 Negotiating and reviewing athlete contracts
 Collective Bargaining Agreements, Salary Caps, Analytics
Financial Guidance Advisor
 Work closely with athlete’s and their finance/investments
NIL Procurement Specialist – male athletes
 Securing NIL deals for student athletes
 Maximizing athletes marketing potential
NIL Procurement Specialist – female athletes
 Securing NIL deals for student athletes
 Maximizing athletes marketing potential
Athlete Profile Building
 Work with athlete’s media platforms
 Handles PR work when required
Client Recruitement – Basketball
Client Recruitement - Soccer
TALENT PROCUREMENT – models/personalities/entertainers
Agent – Model
Agent – Personality
Agent – Entertainment (DJ)